1-7 December

Christmas/Advent

As you look forward to celebrating the birth of our Savior,
persecuted believers in other countries like Somalia, Pakistan
and Nigeria are preparing for a time of heightened persecution.
This month, join us in praying with the Church around the globe.

December 1 | BRUNEI
In Brunei, public Christmas celebrations are banned. Believers
can only celebrate in their own homes or in church. And for
secret believers, Christmas must be even more private. Pray that
this year’s Christmas will be meaningful.
December 2 | INDONESIA
Pray for the nation’s security during Christmas. Recent church
bombings are potential signs that there will be more threats during
this time. Pray that Christmas will be safe and that Indonesia’s
programs combating terrorism will be effective.
December 3 | MALAYSIA
Churches in Malaysia will be offering programs to share about
Christ and the purpose of His coming. Pray that through these
activities, the message of Christmas and the gospel of salvation
will impact and draw many to Jesus.
December 4 | ISRAEL AND THE PALESTINIAN
TERRITORIES
Pray for Palestinian Christians in Bethlehem and surrounding areas.
Pray this will be a blessed time. Pray churches will play a special
role in peacemaking and reconciliation.
December 5 | ALGERIA
Please pray with North African Christians here, where the
church celebrates amid a Muslim-majority population. God, we
pray a blessing over these believers’ celebrations, for safety, and
for this time to be an opportunity to share about the Good News.
December 6 | IRAN
Each December, pressure on Persian-speaking Christians and
house churches increases. The Iranian regime security forces
usually arrest more Christians around Christmastime. Please
pray for protection for believers.
December 7 | BANGLADESH
Pray with all believers, that they will celebrate Christmas in joy
and safety, even as Islamic extremism is on the rise. Pray against
the further Islamization of textbooks and for the ruling
government and opposition parties to work together.

8-9 December
Pastors

December 8 | KYRGYZSTAN
Pastor Miran* was falsely accused of pedophilia last year by local
Muslim authorities as an act of revenge for following Christ.
Now, the pastor and church members are under surveillance.
Pray for him and his church; and for God’s protection over their
lives, families and ministry.
December 9 | TAJIKISTAN
Keep praying for Pastor Bahrom Holmatov. He was imprisoned
for three years on false accusations of extremism. “Just keep
praying for me and my family,” he asks. “I am ready to go
through this.”

10-14 December
Discipleship

December 10 | PAKISTAN
Pray for the students at ALIVE Bible College who began their
theological studies in mid-September. Pray they are settling well
into their learning environment as they move forward in their
three-year course of study.
December 11 | BANGLADESH
Pray for Eusuf, 21, who says, “Those who know of my
conversion have been troubling me, but I depend on God and
believe He will protect me.” Eusuf is attending Open Doors’
persecution awareness training.
December 12 | BRUNEI
The number of Christians is shrinking rapidly in the face of
intense Islamization by the government. Pray that efforts by
local churches will strengthen the discipleship of young believers
in this small country.

December 13 | MALDIVES
Pray for the ministry among Maldivians living outside the
country. Pray that local churches in these surrounding
countries will reach out to this people with the gospel.
December 14 | NIGER
Salifou heard the gospel through a missionary. His
community is now pressuring him every day to come back to
Islam. Pray that Salifou’s discipleship program would
continue strengthening his faith.

15-21 December
Churches

December 15 | KAZAKHSTAN
Pray with churches increasingly monitored by secret police
and for church leaders who face more difficulties.
December 16 | CHINA
The situation for Buddhist-background believers continues to
deteriorate. A number of Chinese house churches have also
been ordered to discontinue their meetings. Ask God to
strengthen the underground church as religious freedoms
continue to shrink.
December 17 | ALGERIA
The country is gearing up for presidential elections during
spring 2019. Please pray for stability and peace and that this
election will positively impact Algerians and ease pressure
on the church.
December 18 | IRAQ
Pray for church leaders, that they will make the right
decisions when people from destroyed villages begin moving
home. Pray for an end to the spirit of war that has dominated
this country for decades.
December 19 | CHINA
As the government ramps up its demands that China’s house
churches register, pastors are increasingly under pressure.
Pray that a young generation of leaders would rise up and
usher in a new era of church growth.

December 20 | SYRIA
Praise God for the Church and its presence in many cities and
towns. Pray for church leadership and that it will be passionate
to serve the poor and oppressed.
December 21 | IRAQ
Please pray for the rebuilding of the church in Iraq. Compared
to the 1990s, only around 10 percent of the Christian population
still lives in Iraq. Pray that the church here will continue to
grow as God heals and restores.

22-24 December
Women

December 22 | ETHIOPIA
Debora*, Eden*, Gifti* and Mihret* ended up in jail for three
months because they offended local Muslim leaders by sharing
their faith. Through partners, Open Doors supported them with
prayer and trauma counseling. Praise the Lord for their faith
and courage.
December 23 | GUINEA
Mother Luupou was one of the senior women in her village’s
witchcraft practices. She recently gave her life to Christ, which
has led to severe persecution. Pray that the Lord reveals
Himself to her persecutors.
December 24 | MALI
After attempts to convert Juliana to Islam were unsuccessful, her
husband abandoned her and their new baby. Through partners on
the ground, Open Doors helped her start a small business. Pray that
Juliana will continue to move forward.

25-31 December
Believers

December 25 | CENTRAL ASIA
Boris is a young follower of Christ. Because of his faith, he has
been beaten up twice and hospitalized. Pray for his protection and
that love would show itself stronger than hate.
December 26 | CHINA
Local authorities recently interrogated Daniel*, a secret Bible
translator, because they suspect his involvement in the ministry.
Pray with Daniel to be strengthened by God’s Spirit.
December 27 | CAMEROON
Christians in West Africa continue to face attacks from Boko
Haram. Pray for God’s comfort for traumatized believers and for
continued provision of food and shelter to the displaced.
December 28 | GUINEA
A young convert, John*, is being threatened by his family and his
village. When his sister tried to warn him about plans against him,
she was attacked. Pray for protection over the pastor who led
John to Christ; he also is in danger.
December 29 | NIGERIA
Violence from militant groups has caused believers like Ruth
untold heartache: “My husband was killed, and my house was
burned down,” she says during a trauma care seminar. Pray with
Ruth as she draws strength in her grief.
December 30 | MOROCCO
Local authorities are keeping a close eye on home groups. Pray for
wisdom for how to deal with this, as believers are spread
throughout the country. Pray for unity among believers in the
many different areas.
December 31 | TUNISIA
Pray for people who came to faith during Ramadan. They are
now searching for groups to join and their faith to grow. Pray
they will find these groups.