As you look forward to celebrating the birth of our Savior,       
persecuted believers in other countries like Somalia, Pakistan    
and Nigeria are preparing for a time of heightened persecution.   
This month, join us in praying with the Church around the globe.  
                                                                  

Christmas/Advent                                                  
                                                                  

December 1|BRUNEI                                                 
In Brunei, public Christmas celebrations are banned. Believers    
can only celebrate in their own homes or in church. And for      D
                                                                 P
secret believers, Christmas must be even more private. Pray that M
this year‚Äôs Christmas will be meaningful.                       

                                                                 P
December 2|INDONESIA                                             l
Pray for the nation‚Äôs security during Christmas. Recent church  
bombings are potential signs that there will be more threats durin
this time. Pray that Christmas will be safe and that Indonesia‚Äôs
programs combating terrorism will be effective.                  K
                                                                 f
                                                                 p
December 3|MALAYSIA                                              t
Churches in Malaysia will be offering programs to share about
                                                                  
Christ and the purpose of His coming. Pray that through these     
activities, the message of Christmas and the gospel of salvation  
will impact and draw many to Jesus.                               
                                                                  
                                                                  
December 4 |ISRAELANDTHEPALESTINIAN                               
TERRITORIES                                                       
Pray for Palestinian Christians in Bethlehem and surrounding areas
                                                                  
Pray this will be a blessed time. Pray churches will play a specia
role in peacemaking and reconciliation.
                                                                 D
                                                                 P
December 5 |ALGERIA                                              t
Please pray with North African Christians here, where the        i
church celebrates amid a Muslim-majority population. God, we      
pray a blessing over these believers‚Äô celebrations, for safety, 
for this time to be an opportunity to share about the Good News.
                                                                 D
                                                                  
December 6 |IRAN                                                 P
Each December, pressure on Persian-speaking Christians and       c
house churches increases. The Iranian regime security forces     b
                                                                 p
usually arrest more Christians around Christmastime. Please       
pray for protection for believers.
                                                                 D
                                                                 T
December 7 |BANGLADESH                                           i
Pray with all believers, that they will celebrate Christmas in joy
and safety, even as Islamic extremism is on the rise. Pray against
the further Islamization of textbooks and for the ruling         e
government and opposition parties to work together.
                                                                   
     Pastors                                                       
                              And I will give you shepherds        
                              after My own heart, who will
                              feed you with knowledge and          

                                    understanding.                 
                                   ‚Äì Jeremiah 3:15               

                                                                   
                                                                   
 December 8 |KYRGYZSTAN                                            
 Pastor Miran* was falsely accused of pedophilia last year by local
 Muslim authorities as an act of revenge for following Christ.
   Now, the pastor and church members are under surveillance.      

 Pray for him and his church; and for God‚Äôs protection over their
 lives, families and ministry.                                     
                                                                   
ing                                                                
ôs December 9|TAJIKISTAN
 Keep praying for Pastor Bahrom Holmatov. He was imprisoned
 for three years on false accusations of extremism. ‚ÄúJust keep
 praying for me and my family,‚Äù he asks. ‚ÄúI am ready to go
 through this.‚Äù                                                  

                                                                   
                                     Then Jesus said               
  Discipleship                       to His disciples,
                                   ‚ÄúWhoever wants to be          
                                   My disciple must deny
                                    themselves and take            
                                      up their cross               
                                     and follow Me.‚Äù             
as.                                                                
                                     ‚Äì Matthew 16:24
ial                                                                

 December10|PAKISTAN                                               
 Pray for the students at ALIVE Bible College who began their      
 theological studies in mid-September. Pray they are settling well
 into their learning environment as they move forward in their     
                                                                   
, andree-year course of study.                                     

 December11|BANGLADESH
                                                                   
 Pray for Eusuf, 21, who says, ‚ÄúThose who know of my             
 conversion have been troubling me, but I depend on God and        
 believe He will protect me.‚Äù Eusuf is attending Open Doors‚Äô   
 persecution awareness training.
                                                                   

 December12|BRUNEI                                                 
 The number of Christians is shrinking rapidly in the face of      
 intense Islamization by the government. Pray that efforts by
oy                                                                 
stocal churches will strengthen the discipleship of young believ-  
 ers in this small country.                                        

   December13|MALDIVES
   Pray for the ministry among Maldivians living outside the
   country. Pray that local churches in these surrounding

   countries will reach out to this people with the gospel.

   December14|NIGER
     Salifou heard the gospel through a missionary. His

   community is now pressuring him every day to come back to
   Islam. Pray that Salifou‚Äôs discipleship program would
   continue strengthening his faith.
l

      Churches

r
                                And He is the head of the
                                    body, the Church...
                                  ‚Äì Colossians 1:18a




     December15|KAZAKHSTAN

   Pray with churches increasingly monitored by secret police
   and for church leaders who face more difficulties.

     December16|CHINA

   The situation for Buddhist-background believers continues to
   deteriorate. A number of Chinese house churches have also
     been ordered to discontinue their meetings. Ask God to
   strengthen the underground church as religious freedoms

   continue to shrink.

   December17|ALGERIA
   The country is gearing up for presidential elections during

   spring 2019. Please pray for stability and peace and that this
   election will positively impact Algerians and ease pressure
     on the church.


   December18|IRAQ
     Pray for church leaders, that they will make the right
   decisions when people from destroyed villages begin moving
       home. Pray for an end to the spirit of war that has dominated

   this country for decades.

   December19|CHINA
  As the government ramps up its demands that China‚Äôs house

   churches register, pastors are increasingly under pressure.
   Pray that a young generation of leaders would rise up and
   usher in a new era of church growth.

                                                                  

continued                                                         
                                                                  
December20|SYRIA                                                  
Praise God for the Church and its presence in many cities and
                                                                  
towns. Pray for church leadership and that it will be passionate
to serve the poor and oppressed.                                  

                                                                  
December21|IRAQ                                                   
Please pray for the rebuilding of the church in Iraq. Compared    
to the 1990s, only around 10 percent of the Christian population
still lives in Iraq. Pray that the church here will continue to
                                                                  
grow as God heals and restores.                                   
                                                                  
                                                                  
    Women                                                         
                                My flesh and my heart
                               may fail, but God is the           
                                                                  
                               strength of my heart and
                                 my portion forever.              
                                   ‚Äì Psalm 73:26                
                                                                  


December22|ETHIOPIA                                               
                                                                  
Debora*, Eden*, Gifti* and Mihret* ended up in jail for three     
months because they offended local Muslim leaders by sharing      
their faith. Through partners, Open Doors supported them with
prayer and trauma counseling. Praise the Lord for their faith     
and courage.
                                                                  

December23|GUINEA                                                 
Mother Luupou was one of the senior women in her village‚Äôs      
                                                                  
witchcraft practices. She recently gave her life to Christ, which 
has led to severe persecution. Pray that the Lord reveals
Himself to her persecutors.
                                                                  
                                                                  
December24|MALI
After attempts to convert Juliana to Islam were unsuccessful, her 
husband abandoned her and their new baby. Through partners on     
the ground, Open Doors helped her start a small business. Pray tha

Juliana will continue to move forward.


  Believers                   We were buried therefore
                            with Him by baptism into death,
                              in order that, just as Christ
                            was raised from the dead by the       

                           glory of the Father, we too might      
                                walk in newness of life.          
                                   ‚Äì Romans 6:4                 
                                                                  
                                                                  
                                                                   

   December 25|CENTRALASIA
  Boris is a young follower of Christ. Because of his faith, he has
   been beaten up twice and hospitalized. Pray for his protection a

   that love would show itself stronger than hate.

   December 26 |CHINA

   Local authorities recently interrogated Daniel*, a secret Bible
   translator, because they suspect his involvement in the ministry
   Pray with Daniel to be strengthened by God‚Äôs Spirit.


   December 27|CAMEROON
   Christians in West Africa continue to face attacks from Boko
   Haram. Pray for God‚Äôs comfort for traumatized believers and fo
   continued provision of food and shelter to the displaced.       
                                                                   

   December 28 |GUINEA
  A young convert, John*, is being threatened by his family and his

  village. When his sister tried to warn him about plans against hi
     she was attacked. Pray for protection over the pastor who led
  John to Christ; he also is in danger.


   December 29 |NIGERIA
  Violence from militant groups has caused believers like Ruth
   untold heartache: ‚ÄúMy husband was killed, and my house was
   burned down,‚Äù she says during a trauma care seminar. Pray with

   Ruth as she draws strength in her grief.

   December 30 |MOROCCO

   Local authorities are keeping a close eye on home groups. Pray f
    wisdom for how to deal with this, as believers are spread
   throughout the country. Pray for unity among believers in the
h  many different areas.


   December 31 |TUNISIA
   Pray for people who came to faith during Ramadan. They are

r  now searching for groups to join and their faith to grow. Pray
   they will find these groups.
hat







  *Nameschangedtoprotectidentities

                                   Open Doors USA
                                   P.O. Box 27001
                                     Santa Ana, CA 92799 USA
                                   OpenDoorsUSA.org
                                                                   
