November 2019
eu.aimint.org/connect

CONNECT is Africa Inland Mission’s Magazine & Prayer Diary. It includes a weekly focus on either an unreached people group, an African country or a ministry area. Each week, there’s

also links to complementary stories and articles which we trust will encourage you to pray with more insight and praise God for what he is doing among African people.

CLOSER TO HOME
For accompanying articles and stories, visit: eu.aimint.org/closeroct2019
In July 2019, Luke & Jenny Herrin, AIM’s International Director and his wife, went on an AIM summer team in Catania, Sicily.
1 NOV • FRIDAY Short term summer teams are a powerful tool for reaching migrants but local Christians, reaching out in practical ways, making friends and sharing the love of Christ would be even more effective. Pray that Christians in the UK and Europe would be burdened with a desire to reach the lost on their doorstep.

4 NOV • MONDAY Praise God for the many short termers who have been called to Mandritsara over the years, for their positive impact on the project, and the long termers there, including the Linley family. Pray for more people to be raised up in short (and long) term service in Mandritsara, both from within Madagascar and from overseas.
5 NOV • TUESDAY Pray for the vision of AIM Madagascar to encourage and mobilise Malagasy missionaries. Pray for lasting fruit from AIM short term programmes in Madagascar, for example, the recent FUEL team in Nosy Be, and the development of Nosy Be as a missionary training centre.

FILLING THE GAPS
For accompanying articles and stories, visit:
eu.aimint.org/ gapsnov2019
Over the last ten years Matt and Katy Linley and their children have been working in Mandritsara, northern Madagascar, on a project seeking to plant and strengthen churches among the unreached Tsimihety people group through a hospital, school, and radio station. WEEKENDFOCUS • 2-3 NOV Give thanks for the Good News Project in Mandritsara, northern Madagascar. Pray that it would continue to be a source of light and hope to the Tsimihety people and that the church would continue to grow and strengthen.

6 NOV • WEDNESDAY Give thanks for Rosina Ferdinand in her leadership of the AIM Madagascar unit. Pray for her in her discussions with church leaders and other groups in working towards increasing understanding of mission in Madagascar. Pray for her to have the strength she needs each day.
7 NOV • THURSDAY For those serving longer term as part of the AIM Madagascar unit, often in remote and isolated situations, please pray that they would know the comfort of the Lord’s presence with them. Pray that God will provide others to serve alongside them.
8 NOV • FRIDAY Pray that God would inspire those undertaking short term placements with a vision for long term service to the ends of the earth.
DOING CHURCH
For accompanying articles and stories, visit: eu.aimint.org/churchnov2019


WEEKENDFOCUS • 9-10 NOV Alan and Elizabeth Gilmore recently joined a team visiting Rex, Ruby* and their children in North Africa.
Our team of six were seeking to learn more about North Africa generally as well as Rex & Ruby’s situation and its challenges. We were seeking to encourage them in their work and to help them, albeit in a very limited way due to language constraints, in the work that they are doing. It was good to meet together as a group for an orientation day before going to North Africa as this provided us with a greater understanding of the country and culture, how to avoid potential issues and also to pray together.
There we had the opportunity to spend time each day studying God’s Word and praying together. We went on prayer walks around the town, asking God to reveal himself to the people there and bring many into his kingdom. These walks really brought home to us the very isolated situation which Rex, Ruby and their children have to face as a family, how resilient they have been, and how God has helped and supported them throughout this time. We so often take for granted the blessings of fellowship together in a local church – a situation that they cannot currently enjoy, and we were reminded how important it is to pray for them and keep in regular contact and how worthwhile it was to make this trip to encourage them.
Having returned home after a very positive experience on the trip, we will now be able to share our experiences

with our fellow church members. Please join us in praying diligently for Rex and Ruby and their children and for other workers in North Africa.
11 NOV • MONDAY In many areas of North Africa ‘church’ has to be different to what we’re used to. Whilst many countries technically allow religious freedom, in reality this is limited to foreigners. Local believers are often prohibited from meeting together. Pray for people who are coming to faith in these contexts.
12 NOV • TUESDAY Pray that North African believers wouldn’t feel isolated in the faith but that they would find culturally appropriate and logistically possible ways of meeting with other Christians in their area. Give thanks for the role that technology plays in allowing conversations and connections to happen.
13 NOV • WEDNESDAY Pray for Rex, Ruby and their children as they navigate the difficulties of seeking to proclaim Christ to all they meet but not attracting too much attention from the local authorities (especially as that is likely to dissuade curious friends from asking questions). Pray for godly wisdom and discernment.
14 NOV • THURSDAY Pray for Rex and Ruby’s children, growing up in an environment where language and cultural barriers make it difficult for them to form friendships with local children. Pray that

visitors from home, visits to nearby missionary families and video calls would help them not to feel lonely or isolated.
15 NOV • FRIDAY Give thanks that a short term team was able to go out and visit Rex and Ruby, and for the encouragement that was to both team members and missionaries alike. Pray that the seeds sown and prayers of the team would bear fruit and further encourage Rex and Ruby in their ministry.

THE HARVEST FIELD
For accompanying articles and stories, visit: eu.aimint.org/harvestnov2019
Jack is a third year veterinary student. He recently took part in a five week short term mission trip to northern Kenya, living with long term missionaries Eddie and Rachel Andersen and ministering among the Gabbra people.
WEEKENDFOCUS • 16-17 NOV Give thanks that the Gabbra are eager to hear the gospel. The harvest is plentiful but the workers are few. Pray that the Lord of the harvest would send more workers among the Gabbra. Pray too that Gabbra believers would be effective evangelists to their own people.
18 NOV • MONDAY Give thanks for Gabbra church members - Baracko, Abdoob, Duba and others - as they seek to reach out to rural families and villages with the gospel. Pray the stories from Genesis that they are sharing will resonate and cause villagers to ask more questions.
19 NOV • TUESDAY Pray for the women who have been going through the Farming God’s Way programme. Pray that the practical application as well as the Bible studies will demonstrate to them God loves and cares for them.
20 NOV • WEDNESDAY Chalbi FM, the local Christian radio station, is inundated with questions from local people about Christianity. Pray that Baracko and Mwambi, who head up the radio station, would have the wisdom and discernment to know how best to answer and lead people to Jesus.
21 NOV • THURSDAY Give thanks for Eddie and Rachel Andersen and their willingness to work alongside short termers. Pray that

the experience of hosting Jack and others, sharing fellowship with them and seeing their ministry through short termers’ eyes would encourage and sustain them.
22 NOV • FRIDAY Pray for Jack Rust as he continues his studies at Bristol University. Pray that all he experienced in northern Kenya would continue to inspire his prayers and that he would be able to share with Christian friends all that he learnt about mission.
MEET DEBBIE
For accompanying articles and stories, visit: eu.aimint.org/debbienov2019
WEEKENDFOCUS • 23-24 NOV Pray for Debbie as she administers the short term programme and liaises with our mission advisors, enquirers and applicants about placements. Pray that she would have a clear overview of all the opportunities available.
25 NOV • MONDAY Pray for the team in the office who have the responsibility of communicating the opportunities available in our short term programme, through written material and social media. Pray that God will raise up people who will respond and be willing to be used in short term mission.
26 NOV • TUESDAY Praise God for those who have been out on short term mission so far this year. Pray that the experience will have a lasting impact. Pray that God will use short term ministries to begin a long term interest in mission, through serving or sending.


27 NOV • WEDNESDAY Pray for short termers who are about to travel overseas, that they would settle in well and be a real encouragement and blessing to the teams they work among. Pray that they would interact well with locals and form friendships quickly. 28 NOV • THURSDAY Pray for church leaders and churches in Europe to be challenged with the needs that there are to reach the unreached. Pray that they would be willing to go and see for themselves to gain a greater awareness. 29 NOV • FRIDAY Many of our short termers have now returned after spending the summer serving in Africa. Pray for them as they settle back into university life or work, and ask that they would be open to the Lord’s leading for the future.
WEEKENDFOCUS • 30 NOV 1 DEC Pray we would offer effective and appropriate support to short termers before they leave for the field, during their time overseas, and when they return to their home countries. Pray that we would be able to impart knowledge in accessible ways.
Africa Inland Mission International, a company limited by guarantee (04598557), a registered charity in England and Wales (1096364) and a charity registered in Scotland (SC037594). Registered Office: Halifax Place, Nottingham NG1 1QN.

FOLD LINE

November 2019
